Which one looks good, I think this one looks good.
I think it looks better in white.
White ingot, come home with me
You are my lady
Let me take the young master home
No, I want to play with my dad.
Dad?
I'll trade the bear for you and be with you forever.
ingot is obedient
If you are not good
Mom will be upset. Where is he?
I can't say
When can I play with you?
Dear ingot, you go back with your mother first.
When mom has time later
Come to Dad anytime
Yuanbao, let's go first
Master, what's the situation?
It seems
My dream came true
Hahaha, how about physical compliance?
You're welcome, you're welcome, congratulations.
Sister Xue Zhilong, why haven't you come yet?
We're almost there.
Will he come or not?
The letter I wrote to him was very sincere
If he still remembers the kindness of his grandmother
It will definitely arrive.
I'll be waiting for him tonight.
If he doesn't come, there's nothing I can do.
Let's go mom